right away
bake today
oatmeal balls in a bowl
mixer put 100 grams of soft
butter 120 grams of sugar and 10
grams of vanilla sugar a pinch of salt and
pound white
do not stop rubbing add by
one two eggs continue to rub on
high speed until smooth
fluffy balls of oatmeal
it is very tasty and beautiful cookies
which is prepared without flour serve balls
of oatmeal with vanilla ice cream
or with halva ice cream recipes
ice cream you will find on our website
videoculinary.ru
or in Russian videoculinary.ru in the section
Dessert
reduce the speed of the mixer to a minimum and
add 250 grams of oatmeal and
100 grams of chopped nuts can
use any nuts according to your
mix the taste
one or two minutes the dough is ready for
lined paper tray for
baking with ice cream spoon
we spread the balls bake cookies in
preheated oven when
temperature of 180 degrees Celsius 15 20
minutes ready biscuit oatmeal balls
flakes
take it out of the oven and let it cool
we shift on a dish and serve with
vanilla ice cream or ice cream
from halva inspiration you good luck and
enjoy your meal